{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri-Light;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red75\green172\blue198;\red84\green141\blue212;\red255\green0\blue0;
\red63\green156\blue166;\red81\green83\blue74;}
{\info
{\author Cara Matthew}
{\*\company April Six Ltd}}\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1418\margr1418\margt1710\vieww12200\viewh15620\viewkind1
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri424\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs36 \cf0 Front-End Development Coding Test \
\pard\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs44 \cf0 Copy Document\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf2 \
Section 1 \'96 Header:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 1-866-530-SAGE (7243)\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 SERVE UP\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 A MORE EFFICIENT FOOD AND BEVERAGE ENTERPRISE\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\b \cf3 \
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Section 2 \'96 Overview Copy:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 In a business environment hungry for transparency, Sage X3 serves up food safety and food manufacturing software that will increase efficiency. With built-in flexibility to help you meet today\'92s evolving business and compliance challenges, Sage X3 goes beyond ERP with a faster, simpler, and more flexible business management solution.\
\
Ready to work different? 
\b Request a demo. 
\b0 \cf4 (links to demo)\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li-180\fi180\ri0\sl343\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 Section 3 \'96 Secondary Offers/Links:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\i \cf0 Make sure you\'92re prepared for FSMA regulation with our in-depth compliance guide.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\i0\b0 \cf0 Access now \cf4 (button) \'96 links to FSMA guide\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\i\b \cf0 Find out what Sage X3 can do for your product and process consistency in your operation.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\i0\b0 \cf0 Access now\cf3  \cf4 (button)\cf3  \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\b \cf3 \
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Section 4 \'96 Benefits:\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl343\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 When you have ERP, CRM, and supply chain processes working in siloes, it\'92s impossible to streamline your operation. 
\b So when you consider your next-gen requirements, remember these essential capabilities:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 Operations\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 Take advantage of food safety solutions, traceability, recall management, allergen reporting, and more. \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 Supply chain\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 Manage, collaborate, and stay compliant while working with global suppliers. \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 Warehouse & Inventory\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 Manage food inventory tracking, product profitability, and reduce the waste of perishable goods. \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 \
Finance and accounting\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 Manage cash flow, compliance, profitability, fixed assets, and accounting processes. \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 Sales & marketing\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 Combine CRM with the power of mobile to liberate sales and marketing efforts. \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 Customer Service\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 Get quick access to data and the power to manage customer requests.\
\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 Footer:\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf6 \'a92016 Sage Software, Inc. All rights reserved. Sage, the Sage logos, and the Sage product and service names mentioned herein are registered trademarks or trademarks of Sage Software, Inc., or its affiliated entities. All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners.\cf0 \
}